Oh,
You are the one.
Moves.
of
The ways by which we are.
A.
What is your name I gave you?
Huh?
Yeah
They have to.
What did you say?
And shoes.
Kick guys,
huh.
There was,
there was a bra bracelet in water.
Just in water.
You follow his,
what he's saying,
just ask him.
Tell them,
yeah.
Yeah.
Ex
You brought your children,
she brought her.
I didn't hear
this thing you're saying about the candle.
Oh,
I see.
You saw that.
That's good,
very good.
Now you want to give it a name,
is it?
You better have your baby.
I'll give the name.
Come along.
Just have your baby.
Thank you,
I'll keep it here.
I will speak.
All right.
You saw a bracelet there.
That's good.
That's very good to see a bracelet like that.
It's very good.
All right,
sit down.
It's a good idea now.
I
So
what's all the music and dancing and all that?
So I gave the right name to the right person.
Mhm
No,
it's on there.
There,
there,
let it sleep now,
wants to sleep.
It wants to sleep now.
Tell her.
Well.
John,
is it on?
Maybe
So
Let the little boy sit here because you see what I'm saying,
let them sit here,
all the little boys,
little children
facing that side,
you have to face that side because there is going to be music and dance,
right,
a little bit like that.
You have to see the music.
You sit here.
All of you see this and.
So before the dance,
we will have some songs.
Let the children come here if they want to.
Now you sit down.
Will you sit down?
Won't you dolly.
Uh,
all the children come back here,
sit up to here,
all of you.
Yes,
sit down,
sit down here,
sit down nicely facing that side
because the dance is going to be there.
They're all children,
yeah.
Hello.
So,
little ones.
Yes,
nice,
nice.
How is your daddy?
Quite dry,
all right.
All right,
OK,
come,
all the girls come here,
come.
It's all right,
but she's right.
You come now.
Yes
I
Sit down,
sit here,
sit here
come up.
You
You see
I
That
I.
Mm.
the
Do
I
Yeah,
yeah,
come and sit here,
sit here.
It's a lot of room for all of you.
Nice.
Hm.
Look at the sparkling eyes.
Where is Olympia?
She's gone off to sleep.
Mm.
So it should be.
We would like to offer.
At your
lotus feet.
This dance and this music
which is our.
First attempt in Italy of integration
between
Indian and Western performing arts.
So.
Dania
give me the spectacles,
maybe I might,
so the dance.
Should represent the beginning.
Of the great work of Sriadi Shakti.
And uh
it is contemporary Western dance,
which is quite free from the classical uh
patterns of Western dance.
And the music
is an attempt of uh
uh.
Finding in the Western music the links with the Indian music
and so we found that the uh.
Correspondents of the
Indian ragas are the so-called Gregorian moods.
Gregorian moods,
which were the scales used in the Middle Ages up to the
of the
beginning of the 17th century,
did you see the Gregorian boots?
No,
moods.
Boots with M like Milano and um like Bologna.
Thank you,
thank you.
And for the rhythmical part,
we have chosen
some reeds which could actually somehow fit both in India
and in the West and some of these reeds,
uh,
rhythmical patterns are from the East Europe like Bulgaria,
all these sort of things.
So this is just the very first experiment.
The music is being composed by Federico himself.
Now you turned round and see her dance.
Yeah
Oh.
Just turn down.
Tell them
these children also done that.
Yes,
it's like this if you sit down.
And for the instruments
we also try to integrate the things
and we use an electric guitar.
With the sitar bridge,
which is a quite a new instrument
and uh.
No,
no,
it's on tape.
It will be on tape and uh for the
keyboard we use a synthesiser electronic instruments and both uh
western and eastern percussions.
This is contemporary.
Yes.
It's contemporary just one month ago.
In the present.
You see there.
That's a challenge of property.
This is ballet dancing.
I this is ballet.
She does,
she knows ballet.
I see that's all.
Beautiful,
very good,
but see this dress looks looks so nice
for a ballet dance.
It looks so beautiful and graceful.
The way they use horrible dresses for men and women is horrifying.
Absolutely horrifying.
If they use nice dresses,
it would look so nice,
you know,
it will add to that show.
It's looking so nice this dress.
May God bless you.
It's beautiful,
yeah.
What next?
Right
Social strategy now we want to
To offer
at your feet and badges.
I haven't change the
Put you in there.
It's too much.
Uh what's
I.
I
The
from
anyone else them from me.
I'm not.
Pakistan
the
Yeah
You're going to say no,
no.
The children must give a song also.
Children also must see.
Yeah
Yeah.
No,
no.
It's all right for me.
It's all right.
Yeah.
That
I
I feel the
whole atmosphere.
Must be charged with Jayan.
Especially from the innocent people.
Of Italy it should come.
Such things.
He's really glorified.
I feel
really glorified
by such saints
singing
the praise of Shi Ganesha.
It must be all
Awaken within you
in its full bloom
getting you ready for tomorrow,
Sala.
I'm sure of that.
May God bless.
not.
We want just to offer
to you
the last song in Italian.
And uh
also a short song in English which is joined to the one in Italian just a moment.
But I would like to have the script.
Yeah
Beautiful.
Look at that.
Malaga to me.
Oh,
at the bar takrena saga the van.
Sounds good.
He sounds critically corrupt.
the translation of the Italian.
Well
Mhm
And.
Yeah.
me.
To me
Yeah.
The
very
It's very creditable because it's such a short time
to prepare such a beautiful
music.
These are the people with great heart.
Just imagine.
I can't believe it,
how it has spread in Spain.
It's beautiful
May God bless.
Yeah.
It's
I
Such a fast number and
one better than the other,
you know,
just get into the dent and it's like an ocean
of notes pouring one after another.
It's beautiful.
Yeah
All right,
let's have it.
They're very beautifully gilted,
you see,
the lilt of the music
is uh shows the,
again the heart,
I say,
which is
so full of joy.
And the exuberance,
the expression of that
is the music.
Beautiful.
Thank you for coming first of all,
and thank you for singing.
we
I know.
Yeah.
Do
Oh
Yeah
I
You no.
No
Yeah
Yeah.
In
I
This is composed by
11 year old.
And imagine,
so beautifully dark.
And uh
if you want you can read.
Everybody has got this.
All right,
so you can read the
translation.
They should know it's a beautiful.
So
Yes,
you can leave it.
Yeah
I
We
Queen of the sky,
star of the day,
be always.
Mataji the one who lead us.
Let us see that we have been
liberated from all karmas and sin.
It is you who liberated us and and enlightened us.
Giving happiness
Giving harmony
You have transformed our lives.
Mother,
it is you
to whom we can pray.
Mother,
it is you
Whom we can love.
Mother,
we all adore you.
We love you.
You give us such happiness,
Mother.
We all pray
that you give
light to our path.
Thank you so much.
Thank you from the heart.
Uh,
you can pass that there,
please.
Should we translate the 2nd 1 that's coming also?
You let him translate the 2nd 1.
Hello.
Let him translate the 2nd 1.
Let him translate the second one,
and then you can see.
Just to read the translation.
Yes,
firstly the translation.
Give that
Loudspeaker,
yeah.
That's better.
Always translate it first it's better.
This is the next song.
Spain is so lucky.
And so the Spanish are of having you as our mother
with such a great heart,
which gives shelter to everyone.
All the Spanish now
come to offer their heart
to mother and to our brothers
who have always helped.
To bring Spain up,
which,
which has really been hard.
Well,
thank you,
mother,
for giving so much
so that we,
your beloved children
have finally reached here.
Just
I have that.
My
Oh.
Yeah
No.
I.
lucky as
But I
Too.
The.
My.
Now they.
Uh,
just see
how much joy they have brought for all of us.
And we are very thankful to them for bringing this joy all the way from Spain.
I know it was hard
in the beginning.
But
I tell you I love you very much,
the Spanish.
Really,
I love you.
And to see you here.
Makes me so hopeful.
That someday
the whole of Spanish will become such.
In my face,
there's some resemblance with Spanish people,
I think.
So many people have remarked that I look like a Spanish.
Must have been some forefathers living there.
The way I'm attached to Spain,
apart from that.
Though
It in the beginning.
It looked rather difficult.
I went again and again and I knew it would work out and again this time I'm coming.
For a longer period,
may God bless.
It'd be in July,
isn't it?
That's in July.
I think in July,
August,
July.
No,
no,
July
in September
because it's very hot there
and you,
you told me that there will be holidays,
so September will be the best,
all right.
Yes.
What happened?
He's been crying.
Right
I
Ouch,
but you know that because.
What is happening?
Why is he crying?
Yeah,
I told him to be,
I ask him now to do because he's always distracting the other children.
Is it he's got a little aria,
I think.
All right.
All right,
all right.
All the children should behave
beautifully.
You look so nice and beautiful,
isn't it?
And you are sitting in the stage,
on the stage.
Everybody is watching you.
Such beautiful things you are,
aren't you
all very nice,
beautiful,
and behaving very well.
All right.
So Shimai,
now we will have some
budgets from France.
With the connection.
via dra.
The
Bega.
I
practise querigayena.
Yeah
basic video where I just saw.
just
Cale.
Please pass on the word.
just
Man so many friends,
just do that.
So many friends.
It's,
it's a basically a very old Maratti song.
Um,
and,
uh,
I've heard Sri Mataji sometimes,
saying it and she liked it very much.
And that's why we thought of seeing it in front of her.
No
Uh
In my
I couldn't be me.
she.
So
Yeah.
was.
It.
the.
I.
Agoi.
will
I see.
No
Yeah.
I need
that guy.
Because
So so.
Oh.
Ibiza.
Come.
are.
Oh.
Show.
And.
Oh.
I.
Uh.
So.
Oh.
Yeah.
Fulani Fulani.
And my.
I so.
I shall be a.
Malani.
you
Go.
No.
Yeah.
that
I
So.
Yeah
And.
Ah.
If the French can sing Maratti songs,
I should learn French.
But French is very difficult,
you know that I've tried many times,
I can't say many
words somehow.
And
it's surprising how you people are singing so beautifully,
so correctly.
The pronunciations of Marathi are very difficult,
but I don't know how you people are singing so well.
May God bless you.
Now we'll be singing Polish.
It's a prayer.
It's Lord Lord's Prayer in Polish.
OK
What language?
You
No no your teeth on the mic and nobody.
But I can't do it.
This.
Uh
Mhm
Um
Yeah
I used to remember Polish people at this time.
They are in difficulties.
They have been always in difficulties.
They have been facing all kinds of
Aggression all the time.
Nice to sing in Polish language and to think about them.
One day they should also come to Sir yoga.
We have some very few Polish.
In London,
but very few of them.
And we have
one in French also I must say.
I think it's.
What is that?
That's better if we have.
I hope one time we will be able to sing in French.
Hold on.
I have,
yes.
Uh
Um
we
Oh.
Um
Yeah
Mhm
Right.
Yes.
I
Thank you very
much.
No.
Don
It's Mudan.
It's not,
it's Murudan.
This is a sophisticated one.
This one is it's not do,
this is.
Ah
It's a sophisticated one.
So Sma you now we have the Swiss yogis.
We'll see some
budgets.
I don't know,
maybe in Chinese or.
Rush,
I mean.
Mhm.
She's common to all I think.
Yes
As we see
very often such yogiss look very much like each other.
come in.
I
Not bad.
The dog is gone up.
I
You
Yeah.
I think um he's not really a Swiss.
I don't know.
It's not really a Swiss group because actually we are Swiss,
Austrian,
uh,
Indian,
uh
uh Algerian,
um,
what else?
Portuguese,
French,
uh,
who is Portuguese?
Who is Portuguese.
Uh
That's great.
So in short,
they are all surgeries.
T
That's
Yeah.
What's that
Just
The same thing.
You.
So
have
God
Integrated.
So
the first song,
the first song is actually taken from the Debi Mahatma G.
It's supposed to be on page.
We're not really organised as we should be,
but,
uh,
it's
it's somehow about in page 8 because we don't have numbers on our,
on our pages.
Everybody who is having the
blue booklets and the
brown booklets.
So the name of the song,
we just took some verses from the Divi Mahatmam
and the refrain which everybody can sing is actually um.
Greg,
can you translate?
Because we have the French version on it.
Uh,
the,
the refrain everybody can sing is sarva mangala mangalishibi sarvata sadique
Sharan triambique gai
Nirmalamanamotu.
I
The tune means
uh it is you who.
Uh
Distribute
all blessings.
And benedictions,
all you who are auspicious and who
protect the universe.
Everything
is realised
through you.
You are the white goddess with 3 eyes.
How much do you,
Narayani.
know
He
the first.
I
was
He
Yeah
This was too strong.
These are all mantras.
And the whole
Chakra start moving and revolving
fast with it.
It was wonderful for you too.
organise all this
and to sing it so well.
It's in Sanskrit,
it's a difficult language.
And singing with such understanding.
I really congratulate
all of you,
especially the way he sang,
was wonderful,
tremendous it was.
May God bless you all.
You will try to be as strong as the Italian in imitating the Indian songs.
I think I don't think uh.
Italian the Italian.
They are better than the real.
I was better than the real.
I think Italians are first in the hit parade about Indian.
Yeah,
we try to get faster.
Come,
come.
I mean that this one was really
starting to abuse the whole thing.
I should get that.
Even the screw of mine started moving out
every time after the end of each sentence,
after the end of each um bus,
we repeat again premas.
I.
breathing disorder.
Yeah
This.
I
I.
Oh
I
OK.
not the note.
I.
I see
Yeah
Oh God
Yeah.
My.
I
Oh
Near me.
John.
Needed.
What
to die.
My.
I
But.
Uh
We got a.
My tee
I
My
We got a.
Yeah
Yeah.
but the.
Gwa.
Come
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
I know.
G
Ma
My
A
Oh.
Ma I.
I.
To my.
he
I
I.
Hey.
In.
I
It.
But
Are you
this.
We.
I said.
Hey.
She
I.
Uh
Yeah.
We got.
Googi ravishwa.
So
Go way.
Coogi Rajaoni.
Yeah.
We got a.
Oh God.
To see my meal.
Oh
Is not.
A mama.
The Tarana.
This not.
On
Jamaladariti.
I.
Oh.
That
A group
Neri.
just the.
I.
the.
And.
we
I
Whoa.
My she
That
Hey hey.
Tan.
Hey.
Tanya.
No.
And that.
Uh
I
Yeah
What a celebration I
uh.
I have already
opened your Satara.
Only thing now you have to dance like him.
That's all is left.
It was wonderful,
wonderful.
That's a good idea.
It was really beautifully rendered and
I'm amazed how
they have
worked hard to.
Bring it to
such
perfection.
May God bless you.
Thank you very much.
Yoga
It's
Page 6.
Well
You have to do pastries.
Oh.
This is the page 6 here.
Yeah.
Which this 6.
We have not numbered.
Oh,
now I get it.
56.
Is this 10.
This is the song.
Is sung by the fisherwomen.
Of
Galva Village
and composed by Mareshwar.
It's absolutely the way they sing their
songs when they are catching the fishes.
Now this sir that you have written is
Zaina zaina Zaina means I'll go.
So how's your Mara,
I'll go.
On the path of surgery.
Chaitanyarutaha ina haina.
I will take the
Arosia of Chaitanya.
So Marge Zaina again,
I'll go to Sahai Marga.
That is the part of Sohaj.
This is sung by
ordinary fisherwomen very beautifully.
All right.
See you.
Oh.
Go to the friends,
you see,
and the ladies are singing,
they're singing to the friends.
Mhm
Yeah,
maybe.
is to.
Ajamaa dojo.
I
Mama.
I.
Yeah.
to my
To
To about.
OK.
I
I jump out.
I got.
I just.
Time
I
To.
That.
He.
Now
I'm.
And
I.
Uh
I
So.
The.
Can not
I
OK.
Maybe
I got
I
The.
I.
So
But
I
I.
So.
I
Oh
I.
Sahajana Sahanaina Moksha Badashinaga.
That.
I.
I got a
Ma.
To those
The.
Ma.
To.
Uh,
this,
as I told you,
the song is written by Moorreshwar.
He was the son of a humble
fisherman.
When he was a very,
very young boy,
he wrote this thing.
And now he's got a scholarship and all that.
Now he's in the final year
of his arts
college where he'll get a degree in arts.
So
this is uh,
and he has such
Such capacity
not only that he has written this song,
which is very,
very
Fast and very touching to the heart,
but he has written a complete what we call
the
Mahat
just like we have Devi Mahathir like that he has written
about me near Mala Mahat,
a complete thing he has written which is read by every Maharashtra every day,
every morning.
It is about,
I think
16 pages,
small thing,
and you have to open one by one,
and that's what this little boy wrote long time back.
Now the first one is the one I must tell you
that as Magato zogava Magato zoga zoga means joke.jog means yoga.
I ask for yoga.
Where do I ask for yoga?
Isahaja yoga cha darba
in the
court of Sayoga
while Mata Nirmala is sitting at the satra.
I'm asking this very simple style
in Indian,
which is say in Maharashtra,
they have a thing called yoga,
a style of singing yoga.
Yoga means when you ask for yoga,
and this is one of them in the villages,
they have been singing this since long.
This yoga is one of them you must have heard in the
uh thing that is one yoga,
uh,
thing that I will ask for yoga.
I'll give up that.
I'll give up that is in that.
tape that you have got.
This was written by Namadeva a long time back.
So it has been sung often by women
and it sung
asking for this yoga and
oh mother,
give us this yoga and please when will that come
to get this yoga has been going on for ages,
so.
It is not so creditable for those people because they have known about yoga,
they have known about Kundalini.
They have known what is this righteous life,
what is the
higher life,
what is the spiritual life,
but it is very,
very creditable for you people
that you have took to.
You have taken to saga.
Not only that,
but you have taken to all the songs and music,
which are very fast numbers,
I should say,
of very different language,
very different style.
It is all because your hearts are open
and that you are people who are righteous.
You have been very righteous and virtuous people in your last life.
Otherwise,
how could you have accepted
this
sudden change,
turnover,
and enjoying that in such a
way that we all are enjoying
that beauty
and that
sweetness in all pure relationships with each other.
It's so.
Illuminating,
so
encouraging
that such things can happen.
I cannot believe sometimes myself
that the jowa that was sung in the villages
of Maharashtra
are sung today by all of you here and understood what is a jog.
May God bless
My heart pours out with love,
blessings,
and whatever you want.
It pours out with that.
May God bless.
Very
well done,
I must say.
It's a very fast number.
Moreover,
villagers can sing it because they have no complications.
But for people living in the city in the west to sing this song is not easy.
Mm
Now,
which other countries must endorse to some other countries like English?
One more you want to sing?
All right.
Sure,
yes,
that's a good one.
That everybody can sing.
All of you should sing this song.
It's very sweet and simple.
Yeah yeah.
I
But.
I play my that's got the pi pi or the words.
This time,
one day in Ganpati Pule,
we'll have music by the Western musicians.
I
Like a river of Titania flowing.
Making all kinds of sounds
bounding down.
Creating beauty all over.
It's so beautiful to see the whole world dancing like this.
You must pray tonight.
That many more
And many,
many more.
Should
Come to search yoga.
Especially in the West.
And then
they should have.
The sharing in this joy.
Yeah.
We have to think of those who are not here,
who are not.
With us but are with us
because they are urgies.
There are many who are still lost.
In the darkness
and ignorance
Let your rhythm of dancing reach their hearts.
C.
And they come on the shores of this beautiful river of joy.
Leri the set
Marius Rivier de Jois.
The gods
Doors are open.
to.
You have to just enter into it.
A
For that
All the gods
All the deities.
Your father
Everyone is waiting.
I hope tomorrow.
We will achieve something very great
after this.
Merrymaking
and dry seasoning.
Roy he plan don't.
I'm thankful to you all for
Reflecting
the joy of my heart in your visit.
Thank you very much again.
This is difficult to translate.
Now,
uh,
I
don't know the English if they have prepared any music or not.
Have they got any music to be?
No
Is there any new song prepared by or any song prepared by our
English brothers and sisters?
Mm
Yeah
or the one.
I think.
Oh.
I
Oh
I like.
Please put this uh
Please arrange this.
A good
No,
no,
that side of the musician city.
Because.
Dania,
put one near Dina.
She has a very good word.
Mm
So
See if it is working or not.
And it just
Yeah
Just
the of
Right.
1st,
1st we're going to sing the song that our brother Gavin
wrote in Bramauri.
Last year.
It's called the Brahmauri song.
You
Da
I
But.
other
Oh.
I to.
Yeah.
Yeah
Mhm.
Yeah.
We're going to sing
a devotional song to Shri Maaji,
our Holy Mother.
If you all know,
so you can sing a lot.
Um
That's good I think.
Yes.
Yeah
That
And
Yeah
The
Jesus I
I retiring everywhere.
Well done.
Just,
just one more
Right
To the
We'd like to finish them with the
uh.
We'd like to finish with the song Green of England
by Elizabeth.
Could you
Wait
until the 2nd chorus before you all come in.
So give it some dynamics and then.
I
so
That's the
I
by.
but
But porla.
Pulla.
Shima a song from
The
uh Argentina,
uh,
Algeria.
Yusuf,
and may I read it,
uh,
may I read the words to you because it is in French and I'll translate.
I must confess your mother,
he,
I had
tears in my eyes during the last song and
I
I mean that
You can't,
I don't know who has composed this.
Who has composed this song.
Huh?
Elizabeth,
let's give her a hand.
We got all the naughty brothers,
all right.
They they blush so nicely,
Shima.
It's always a pleasure.
Uh,
may I translate,
uh,
this,
song rimai?
You are
the sun in the sky
and thy light reach every place.
The words
are pure truth,
and they shine as gold.
Matter,
you are the light of the firmament,
and you
enlighten the path of.
Perception
Tremai,
you are the stream of knowledge.
And
You free the way
of the ascent.
Shimaraji ocean of love.
Your heart is
a deep sky.
You are the straight path
who removes,
who,
which removes obstacles
and which leads
towards the highest.
summits where our father resides.
And
The
breeze
flows in our hands.
The deep joy
is within our hearts.
And the peace.
Rules
of all of us.
Spirit
merging into the skies.
This
OK that's
wonderful.
Mm
What you mean the
the guinea.
The the cooling.
With me.
I will.
I.
Ma
this morning.
Ma.
So how.
A touching.
I.
the
So.
It
It.
This is.
is
this morning.
Mm.
So.
I love.
In.
And.
And
The.
For
you.
And the son of.
A.
I.
Ma.
So.
My heart.
I guess.
Yeah
He's coming from Algeria,
is that it,
huh.
Oh,?
It's beautiful.
It's so beautiful.
That's called the Sonora's voice was so deep.
It's beautiful.
Thanks so well.
He's from Vienna.
Uh,
his wife is Gennimata Gianni,
yeah,
he works in VR,
yes.
It's wonderful.
So we have all the countries represented.
Any other country which is left out,
wants to say Belgium,
one song.
Huh?
Belgium and Holland together.
Germany or something?
Austrians don't have anything new.
They
Mhm
She don't know what to put
Yeah
Where is Bahdan,
he should sit with them.
It has become busy you know.
But
I
Wonderful,
beautiful.
So many from Belgium also.
And Holland
it's very encouraging.
Any other countries.
H.
OK.
Of course I think.
Mhm
I get that.
A Deutsche.
I got to read this out
so that
there won't be any problem and then you give it to me.
The first job
And you all want channels,
or you come down.
Since we've only got one song,
we'll sing it both in German and English.
And the.
I need to watch anything like that.
Ja I think like.
OK.
I
And
Yeah.
Thank you
It's so well translated,
rhymed,
and
beautiful,
very beautiful.
And extremely sweet,
especially to say this thing is.
She is for this purpose born,
lest all should be gone.
Inwardly confusion
and devilish delusion,
this is to be seen
as something very great of you.
I wish you could see the rest of the Germans.
I'm quite worried about them,
very much worried.
I'm happy that Sergio guys started
somehow in Munich,
and I'm going to go there.
I promised and I'll come.
May God bless.
Even before you invited me,
I,
I told them that I'm going to go to Munich,
whatever it is.
And also a little place where you were saying I have to go.
We'll see that
May God this.
So now,
should we say goodnight,
so it should be the last one.
Is there any others?
It's a country?
No,
nobody.
Yes.
I just.
For
Yeah
So it's.
the
Hm
it's.
Bulgarian song.
No.
Oh
Oh what a faith.
Our faith.
I
No.
Tremendous
Tremendous and sung from the heart.
Very beautifully
we have great artists among us.
I can see that.
May God bless you.
May God.
It's beautiful.
Beautifully from the heart.
Germans are known for music
and very good singing,
you see.
They created beautiful music once upon a time.
Now the time has come for Germans to create.
More music.
Same about Italians.
And
So many other
great musicians in this country.
They are reborn in you,
and you have to produce.
Better music
than what they had done.
May God bless you all.
All this music should go with me,
I think.
Good idea.
This one I have,
this one I don't have.
This one is
This belongs to I think Jose or something.
Thank you very much.
Tomorrow
What time the English have to go?
Yeah,
not later than 2,
so we must start our food about 10 o'clock.
We have to start our food at 10 because the English
have decided to go early.
I hope
somehow you will abandon.
That they get
A flight on Tuesday morning.
Did you telephone?
What did they say?
We weren't able to get anything done today.
What did you think?
Well,
it's not possible for us to change the flight.
would like to stay longer,
please register your name with Antonio.
Antonio from England.
sil
cantonio in.
And uh you know lunedy uh Antonio de lingletereniggen
Langaba and merchtenzolan um.
No,
thank you.
Zoltan uh by Antonio Zen.
Antonio
Sure,
I stay.
You may need
At least the
people who have come by bus should wait,
should not go.
That you
Well again.
Yeah,
yeah.
They have they have to take.
Mama.
Uh
In
was